hey everybody I'm back once again and
today we're going to talk Nexus far I'm
gonna break this video down it's a
little individual videos but I'm also
going to put this warm video opposite as
a bit long for everyone that wants to
see you as well sir let's talk Nexus far
enjoy so the next thing we're going to
talk about is the screen on the Nexus 4
obviously as we all know it uses an IPS
display and you know I best displays as
some the best displays in the world and
if you don't know IPS done so it's in
plane switching so not to get too
technical today is generally the best
kind of LCD each kind of done all you
can go out there it just means you get
really really good like viewing angles
so instead it's been looking like that
you can have it to a side and it doesn't
look any different it looks pretty much
perfect and just as you know how to bear
the screen itself it is a fantastic did
you know fantastic screen now yes people
are going to say some you used to a
galaxy device opposite views AMOLED
screens yes first first question you can
rest after that is about the blacks
honest answer is the blacks are not as
good they're never going to be as good
on a LCD device as an AMOLED device but
I found myself not missing as much as a
thought was gonna the reason flies
because I've been running iphone 5 in we
have a pocket along with my galaxy s3 so
I've kind of got accustomed to not being
a pure black on the iPhone and the
blacks on this one are pretty much
identical what's the iphone 5 if not
maybe a little better in some cases so
I'm not found myself wanting you know
that pure black experience and when I've
seen some other applications such as a
new application called Falcon I like it
on the IPS display gonna do on the net
on the go I'm on the display so this
screen itself text is nice and crisp
everything just looks nice about what it
sees more videos regards to the why it's
not pure why is the iphone 5 and don't
have a little bit of a deer a different
defective unit the mass m'self fourth
it's just a one-off but mind the general
is similar kind of whites when I look
I'm side by side I'm not locked on
camera yet so I can't really say whether
it look yellow which on camera but me
look at them side-by-side
looks perfect so yeah the screen itself
definitely a winner for me you know so
don't worry about the screen technology
is one of the best screens I've seen on
a mobile phone today that's a people
that is everything nexus 4 what do you
think you can press back what I've said
so far I tried to cover off the major
points that most people keep asking
officer dollars up the build quality you
know it's LG is it gonna be bad so build
quality I've also covered off the camera
quality of this screen quality does it
get hot what's the experience like you
know hope for that's enough for what you
know people want to know for now i'll
try and include everything else am I for
if you do leave comments down below with
a gas do you know what else you want me
to cover off and I'll do my best to do
it again this is probably the same
ending for like four or five videos but
yeah is it is I've tried to do it to
kind of cover off for everybody
individually and as one as well
hopefully you appreciate that I don't
know anyway people thank you for
watching you got any questions relate
the nexus for anything else i want to
put head-to-head against another device
leave me let me know down below join to
protect against the s 3g iphone 5 or the
new Lumia 920 which I'm getting in for
review as well soon you know I get a
lemon are down below and a doc gets
following on Twitter out some Jap on
always get that you plug in there and if
you're not subscribed through hit the
subscribe button I'm also I'm almost
hitting 20,000 and when I do the great
giveaway will begin so yeah let's see
people thank you for watching and I will
see ya I'm in this video I should have
said you'll see me yeah cheer the wrong
you